# ALX Zero Day

Welcome to my first ALX School project! This project is part of the ALX School's full-stack software engineering program curriculum. The `alx-zero_day` repository is a collection of various tasks and challenges focused on source code management, specifically utilizing Git and Github.

## Project Objectives

The primary objectives of this project are:

- Understand and utilize source code management.
- Learn how to create a repository.
- Learn about `README` files and how to write good `README`s.
- Understand how to commit and write helpful commit messages.
- Learn how to push code, pull updates, create a branch, and merge branches.
- Understand how to work as collaborators on a project.
- Understand what files should and should not appear in your repository.

## Repository Contents

The repository contains the following directories and files:

- `0x03-git`: A directory for the 0x03-git project. It contains a `README.md` file and several other files related to the project.
- `README.md`: This file, containing information about this repository and its contents.
- `.gitignore`: A file specifying patterns of files that should be ignored by Git. For example, it ignores files generated by Emacs.

## How to Use

To use this repository, you can clone it and explore the directories and files. The `0x03-git` directory contains all the tasks and challenges related to the 0x03-git project.

For example, to clone the repository, you can use the following command:

bash git clone https://github.com/akinyeke-micheal/alx-zero_day.git


## Contributions

This repository is part of a project for the ALX School's software engineering program. As such, it's not open for contributions. However, you're welcome to explore and use the code for your own projects under the terms of the license.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.


